(Episode 43)
Ms, Choi, hurry,
I'm heavier than you,
Han Gyul, can you please slow down?
Ms, Choi, do your best,
Han Gyul,
- Han Gyul, - Mom,
Mom, you're suffocating me, What's going on?
It's nothing,
What's wrong?
Do you know her?
No,
Take Han Gyul home,
What will you do?
Leave it to me, Go home,
What are you doing?
Follow me,
Han Gyul, let's go,
What is happening right now?
Who is she to upset the doctor and his wife so much?
She can't be,,,
Let go, It hurts,
It hurts? Does it hurt?
Are you sure that you are someone capable of feeling things like that?
What do you mean?
Do you know what my wife went through because of you?
If you have a conscience,
you should feel sorry,,,
and not try to extort money,
If you were a human,
you wouldn't put your daughter in danger,
Was it hard for you?
You don't think that I'm the cause, do you?
Half of Han Gyul is from you,
You became a dad overnight,
Did you think that you wouldn't have to pay a price?
It's the same for your wife,
She has a healthy child now when she's infertile,
You should've been ready for that kind of price,
Jung Su Mi, are you serious?
I'm warning you,
You're going to be in trouble if you talk about Yeon Ju,,,
with that dirty mouth one more time,
I'm serious,
Be careful,
Tell me where my sister is,
I'm here to pick her up,
Mom, who was that lady earlier?
Who?
That lady who went with Dad,
She was surprised after seeing me,
Was she surprised?
Yes, like this,
She,,,
must have been surprised because you're so pretty,
Really? Then why did Dad become upset,,,
and take her away?
No, he's not upset,
Ms, Choi, please take Han Gyul home,
Okay,
Is she Han Gyul's birth mother?
Stop talking nonsense,
Just go home,
Okay,
Have dinner and play at home,
Your dad and I will go home soon,
Okay, Ms, Choi, let's go,
Is this your doing?
What? My doing?
Do you think that you're kings because you have some money?
She's childish, and she just played a joke,
How could you treat her like this?
Look at her talk,
She just played a joke?
Your sister,,,
There's no need to say more,
I figured out what happened on my way here,
Talk to me,
Jung Su Ji, get up,
Su Mi,
Get up, you idiot,
Wait outside,
No,
I'm telling you one more time,
I did this all by myself, Don't do anything to my sister,
My sister didn't do anything wrong,
She's released now,
I said go out,
Go outside right now,
Are you kidding me?
Your sisterly love is heartrending,
Did you plan this?
Did you plan to scam people,,,
and then blame yourselves when people find out?
Mother, let's send her sister away since she's here,
No, I won't allow that,
We have to talk about,,,
who planned to do this,
We have to completely nip the bud,
Answer me honestly,
Did you make your sister blackmail my daughter,,,
to extort money from her?
Did you?
Did you make your sister blackmail my daughter that she will tell,,,
people that Han Gyul isn't her real daughter,,,
and embarrass her in front of the whole neighborhood?
Yes, I did it,
What's wrong with that?
You scum,
Mother,
What are you doing? You're so ignorant,
Su Mi, are you okay?
Do you know what being a mother is like?
A mother starves,,,
to fully feed her children,
That's what a mother is like,
How could you sell your daughter for money,,,
when you're healthy and alive? You're scum,
Yes, you're right,
I never raised her properly after giving birth to her,
Since the moment I had her, she was nothing but a burden,,,
that ruined my life, That's it,
I didn't feel guilty at all when I abandoned her,
Jung Su Mi,
So don't expect me to be a mother or maternal instincts from me,
Money?
You already know,
If you're out from rotting in jail, they won't treat you like a human,
Like you said, that's why I sold my child to feed me,
Also, you took my daughter for free, and you're living happily,
Can't you pay me that much?
You would pay me several times more if I was a surrogate,
Goodness,
Listen to her speak,
How could you give birth to a child like Han Gyul?
I feel so bad for Han Gyul,
The poor child,
Yes, but let's be honest,
Isn't it better for you if I'm like this?
Seeing that you're hiding the truth about Han Gyul's birth,
you're going to raise her like your own,
What will you do,,,
if an incapable ex-convict birth mother appears,,,
and whine that she wants to see Han Gyul?
You should be thankful that I'm like this,
Jung Su Mi,
How did you become worse than an animal?
Are you the Jung Su Mi that I used to know?
How could you?
I'm shameful and shuddering,,,
from the fact that I used to spend time with you,
Really?
That's good, You gained your senses, even if it's too late,
But,,,
You and I weren't meant for each other from the beginning,
I was a mess back then,
but now that I have gone though every possible ordeal,
all that's left in me is spite and greed for money,
Han Gyul's biological mother does not exist in this world,
I didn't have maternal love for her even back then,
And it will stay that way for the rest of my life,
Just pretend,,,
that Han Gyul has only one biological parent,
Then promise me one thing,
Just like you said, Han Gyul will not be connected to you in any way,
If she has even the slightest memory of you,
I will get rid of it, Completely,
So swear to me that you will never show your face,,,
around us,
Promise me!
I should ask you to promise me,
I'm going to start afresh as a single woman,
Don't visit me with an excuse me that it's hard,,,
to raise her or whatnot,
If you can promise that,
I will never find you first,
Never,
I'll take that as your promise and leave,
Let's end,,,
our pathetic relationship today,,,
with this promise,
Let's go,
Just a moment,
Wait a second,
Pick this up, and leave,
Some money will stop you from doing a monstrous act like this again,
Su Mi, let's go,
Su Mi,
Don't you forget,
You just abandoned your daughter for this money,
If you ever come back and claim she's your daughter,
that day will the last day for the both of us,
Of course,
I feel I did the right thing to give birth to her for the first time,
Now, I gave away my daughter to you,
Raise her well,
You're one heartless woman,
Isn't this beautiful? It's great for in-between seasons,
Since you have a slim waist,
it will look even slimmer,
- Shall I try this on? - Go ahead,
I think a medium would fit you nicely,
- The fitting room is that way, - Okay,
What's taking them so long?
Mom,
My gosh, my daughter is a businesswoman now,
Goodness, well done,
What are you talking about?
With new products for spring, the customers are flooding in,
but I can't think straight because I'm so anxious,
How did it go?
Are they still talking?
No, It's over now,
Everything is over now,
All you need to do is raise Han Gyul as your own daughter,
How did it end?
Dr, Lee and I took care of it,
You don't need to worry about it anymore,
Did she give up Han Gyul that easily?
Yes, she did, That's why I feel even worse for Han Gyul,
She's so unfortunate,
So we must love her even more from now on, okay?
I can't believe it, But she gave birth to Han Gyul though,
Mom, let me go upstairs,
No, don't,
Why would you want to meet that nasty woman?
It will only take a minute,
Hey, no, Come on, Yeon Ju,
Are you all right, Su Mi?
Do you think you can walk?
- Su Mi, - You,,,
If you ever do something as stupid as this again,
I'm going to disappear and kill myself,
What was so bad about what I did?
I did everything for you,
Was that such a bad thing?
Besides, it was my doing, Why did you take the blame for me?
If you didn't like what I did, why did you take the money? Why?
Lower your voice,
That's how this can end,
I did it to put an end to this,
So you must never come back here,
Did you get that? Did you?
Are you here to check it yourself after hearing it from your mother?
I heard everything was over,
It is over, right?
She grew a lot,
My Han Gyul,
"My Han Gyul"?
Don't be sensitive,
I will never call her mine ever again,
I sold my daughter in exchange for your mother's money,
Starting now, Han Gyul is no longer my daughter,
You can have her,
Raise her like she's your daughter,
Don't worry,
I don't need you to tell me that, She's already my daughter,
Well, should I give you a piece of advice since your mother paid me?
When you came to visit me in prison,
do you remember what I told you?
I guess money is a fine thing,
You're not his type, but you managed to get him to marry you,
I was mistaken,
So Won loves you for yourself, not your money,
He had always been cool-headed,
He told me that you'd been through a lot because of Han Gyul,
He threatened me that if I bother you again,
he won't let it slide again,
Do you get it now?
He had been genuine with you,
I don't need your presumptuous advice,
Let me give you a warning,
If you ever show your face around us and bother So Won again,
I will not let you off this easily then,
Did you get that?
Sure,
You two are madly in love, Good luck to both of you,
Wait, no,
Including Han Gyul, it'd be three of you,
I will wish you the best,,,
from very far away,,,
with all my heart,
Korean beef set,
I'll keep this in the refrigerator, Grill, and eat it later,
My gosh, Young Hye, you must've spend a fortune,
You bought a whole set of Korean beef just for me,
I don't have that kind of money,
I got it from work for the Lunar New Year holidays,
Why would he give his employees Korean beef sets?
I guess the business is booming,
He gave this only to me,,,
for increasing the sales,
What?
My goodness,
What has gotten into you all of a sudden?
I won't eat this,
What do you think?
She's your future daughter-in-law, Do you like her?
She's nice,
Her eyes are big and clear, She looks like an honest person,
She has a nice physique too,
She's tall and slim,
Especially, her legs are amazing,
My gosh, men, When did you see that?
She's coming for a visit to say hello to you,
Life must be hard for her,
She has two fathers-in-law to take care of,
I feel the same way,
I think Tae Yang is marrying into a very nice family,
After clearing up misunderstandings, I learned her parents are great too,
They are the married couple I always dreamed of,
That's right, They are the couple,,,
who would never fight,
always stay faithful to one another, and live together,,,
until their hair turns gray,
He's right,
You two should learn,,,
from her parents,
- Yes, ma'am, - Yes, ma'am,
What is this all about?
Have you lost your mind? What's wrong with you?
So it's from that guy,
I can't accept a single thing from that guy,
I didn't know that you're like this when I lived with you,
You're good at accepting anything that is free,
When your boss gives you something expensive,
you shouldn't just accept it right away,
You should have refused it flatly,
Refuse it like that anti-bribery and graft act!
You should have said that this is too expensive to accept,
What does that have to do with me? I'm not a government employee,
When a man spends money on you,
there must be a reason behind,
Are you just going to accept it when you know that?
Okay, Stop it, I'll take it back,
You should have not brought it,
You're out of mind,
It's tiring for both of us, Let's get to the point now,
I was thinking,,,
that it will look bad on Ru Ri if they find out that,,,
we're done with our marriage, Let's keep it as a secret,
And,,,
I'll invite her in-laws over this weekend,
What? Why would you invite them so soon?
There's nothing good about in-laws hanging out together often,
Set it as next week,
I won't be in Seoul next week,
I have to go to on a business trip,
A business trip? To where?
Ulaanbaatar,
I have to attend a business fair,
What?
How could you attend the fair when you don't even speak Mongolian?
Why would you go there?
I'm telling you this now because I don't want you to get me wrong,
Don't get upset, and listen,
Okay, Tell me,
You aren't going to get mad, right? Promise me,
I won't get mad, Tell me,
I'm going there with my boss,
What?
Hong Young Hye!
You're doing it again, I'm going to leave!
Okay, Okay,
For how many days?
I'm going there for three nights,
Three nights?
This means you're sleeping over?
Stop imagining silly things,
If there's a branch,
I'll be out doing training,
So that is why we have to go there to research and everything,
What are you doing?
Can't you see?
I'm writing patience in my heart,
Do you see,,,
how Ru Ri's changed?
I've changed too,
I thought I was only good at cooking and laundry, as you said,
But now people tell me that I'm good at work,
It's really exciting and makes me want to work more,
So,,,
don't get in my way, We graduated from marriage,
Be nice and support me,
I want to burn my last spark,
"Last spark"?
Your last spark? Okay, I got it,
I'll think about whether I'll allow it or not,
You don't have to think about it,
I'm going whether you'll allow it or not,
I'll call you when we fix,,,
the time to invite Manager Jung's parents,
Hey,
Hong Young Hye,
Ulaanbaatar? Darn it,
Ulaanbaatar, Ulaanbaatar?
You're trying to kill me,
Ulaanbaatar, Ulaanbaatar, Ulaanbaatar!
Ulaanbaatar!
He's changed,
He would have gone mad if I told him this when we were together,
He's writing patience in his heart,
You know how beautiful Gobi Desert's night sky is, right?
I don't want to see the Milky Way there alone,
Please go with me,
Don't worry, I'm sick of men,
I won't fall for some stars,
She's someone who died three years ago,
You must have been mistaken,
No, it was Susanna for sure,
I'm quite sure,
There can't be a person who can look exactly like her,
Then, what has actually happened?
I even went to her grave,
Sir, it's time to go home,
You should go home first, I've got things to think about,
Is it because of Susanna?
- You're mistaken, - I told you to leave first,
I want to be alone,
I'll go first to prepare for the board meeting,
Her name is Lee Kyung Hwa,
She's the team manager of Goldman Partner's Investment Team One,
I really can't understand this,
How is she related to my father?
Why would the director and Joo Ae Ri try to hurt my father together?
If your father dies, the company will go on a crisis for sure,
Is it because she wants to be the chairman?
It's impossible,
Her share can't be that big,
So what can be the reason?
Yes, Father,
You mean now?
Are we there yet?
We're almost there,
I'm worried if it's right to reveal this tonight,
They're going to find out about it tomorrow anyway,
It's better for you to meet Ae Ri in person than,,,
to run into her in the company,
I'm worried that she's going to get mad and not see,,,
the big picture about this,
She's still young, We have to give her some time,
Manager Jung and Ru Ri had a family get-together today,
So it's hard for her now,
It's been three years,
It's heartbreaking, surprisingly,
So this is why we can't just ignore blood relations,
Has anything happened, sir?
I'm sorry to interrupt your date tonight,
Work is more important to us than anything,
You're right, This year's the most important year for SC,
Let's hang in there,
You wanted to ask something,
Right,
That lady you saw with a burn scar,,,
I think I saw her today,
You've seen her too? Where did you see her?
I saw her at the parking lot of the restaurant we met with her parents,
Are you sure it was her?
I'm absolutely sure,
She has a burn scar on her face like this,
Am I right?
Yes, she does,
Why would she go there?
Do you think she knew about it or went there coincidentally?
I think she came because she knew I would be there,
She ran away right after I met her eyes,
She ran away after seeing you?
By any chance,,,
do you think she's someone who you know?
Who is she?
Is this person the woman that you saw?
Yes,
She's older than when this photo was taken,
but I'm sure it's her,
Who is she?
She must be someone close to you,,,
to take picture like this,
Who is she?
Well,,,
She died three years ago,
What?
What are you doing?
Can't you see?
As I warned you, I'm going back to the States this weekend,
You have to know when to fall back so that you get less miserable,
I'll give all my shares to my dad,
I won't suffer anymore and live at ease from now on,
Are you insane?
After what we've gone through to reach this far,
you'll stop when we're almost there?
Where is the end to this?
No one is even interested in me anymore,
I put up a show to kill myself,
My dad seems to be disgusted by me, but he doesn't visit me in my ward,
And what did you do?
You put me in the hospital and didn't show up at all,
That's because I have work to do,
Work?
Helping Lee Ru Ri and Jung Tae Yang be a happy couple?
Tae Yang is soon to be the influence,
so you decided to take his side like a rat, Aren't I right?
I'm no longer useful,
so I'll get lost before I become more miserable,
Did you forget,,,
what I said in the hospital?
It's not our company,
but the chairman who'll be doomed,
So hang in there until then,
Then you'll get money and find back what you have lost three years ago,
So?
What have I lost three years ago?
You said you'd help me find back what I lost three years ago,
What on earth is that?
Mom?
Long time no see, It's been three years, right?
Joo Ae Ri's mother?
I heard she died in a fire three years ago,
I thought so too,
But apparently, she's alive,
Weren't you there when she passed away?
At that time, I was preparing to settle down back in Korea,
so I packed all my stuff in the States and was staying in Korea,
It was the early year of SC, so I was busy like crazy,
I got a call from the chief director one day,,,
that Ae Ri's mom was in critical condition,
And?
When I went to see her, it was too late,
I couldn't be there when she died,
The chief director did everything for her funeral,
Does it mean that Ae Ri's mom and the chief director held hands,,,
to fool me?
What could they gain from that?
I'm not sure,
I fully compensated her as I closed my business in the States,
So her death wouldn't have changed anything,
By any chance, do you know Manager Lee Kyung Hwa,,,
of Goldman Partners?
I've never heard of that name,
Did they appoint another person to be in charge?
I think,,,
she's Ae Ri's mother,
What?
We think that the woman with the chief director in the picture,,,
is Ae Ri's mother,
Why did she cover her face with bandages?
She went through three burn scar removal surgeries,,,
for three years,
Maybe she got a severe burn from the accident,,,
that she got treated in secret,
If it was out of such a simple intention,
how would you explain the Goldman Partners and her relationship?
You might be wrong,
Let's check if she's Ae Ri's mom first,
I'll find it out myself tomorrow,
How could you do this?
How,,,
How could you fool even your daughter,,,
when you're alive like this?
Stop whining,
If I hadn't done that, you wouldn't have come this far,
You're too stupid to do anything properly,
If you had gained Kevin's favor,
I wouldn't have had to do this much,
You caused all kinds of trouble as you grew up,,,
and fell out of his favor,
What did you say?
So you became a dead person, but what did I gain from that?
Do you realize how much I have suffered?
I didn't know about your accident because I played with my friends,
I had nightmares every night,
I was complete heartbroken and sorry,
How could you be so sound and alive?
Do you think you got the shares of SC Food and Beverage for free?
Kevin had a change in his mind because you suffered so much,
So what?
I have the same amount of shares which you had,
It's not the same,
It will be an important tool for my plan in the future,
Starting from tomorrow,
everything will change step by step, so watch it with your own eyes,
Mom, what are you going to do?
You,,,
devoted everything including your heart to Tae Yang, right?
Still, he fell for another girl,
He ignored your heart and trampled on it,
It's just like what Kevin did to me,
It wasn't his biological son, Jung Tae Yang,
who helped Kevin's company become this big,
It was you and me,
Of course, Chief Director Park was a part of it too,
But they aren't grateful at all, so they better fall to the bottom,
From now on, I'll make it happen,
You just have to wait without worrying a bit,
Everything will be over within a month from now,
Han Gyul, it's time to eat,
Mom made you your favorite meat,
Right, that lady,
Goodness,
Did you sleep well, Han Gyul?
Mom, I didn't wet the bed today,
Look,
Goodness, great job,
How unbelievable,
Han Gyul,
You must've been afraid because of the auntie at the kids' cafe,
That auntie came here,,,
and threatened you to say nothing to me, didn't she?
That's why you had nightmares,,,
and wet the bed, isn't it?
Aren't I right?
How did you know?
I know it all because I'm your mom,
You must've been so scared,
Why didn't you tell me about it?
She told me that,,,
she would take me back to the old house if I said anything to you,
Then I wouldn't be able to see,,,
you or Daddy ever again,
So,,, So,,,
I'm sorry, I'm so sorry,
I should've done it right beforehand so that it didn't happen,
I'm so sorry,
Han Gyul, Mommy will do better from now on,,,
and make sure no one troubles you, okay?
Really? Can I stay here without going anywhere then?
You won't send me to anywhere, right?
Of course,
You're my daughter, so you won't go anywhere,
This is your home,
I won't send you to anywhere,
Come here, my sweetie,
I know you were scared, I'm sorry, It's all right now,
It's all right, Everything is all right now,
It's all good,
Isn't it too bright?
It's your first day as an adjunct professor, You need to look bright,
Were you upset yesterday?
I'm sorry that I made you worry,
It's all right,
It's all over now,
Do you think Han Gyul would remember her mother's face?
When I asked her last time, she doesn't seem to remember,
I'm glad to hear that,
I heard kids don't remember anything before four,
I guess it's true,
Honestly, even if she remembers, I want to make her forget,
I was pretty disappointed too,
We'd never have to see her again, You should forget about it too,
How about we go on a date this weekend to do that?
Just between us? I love it,
Let's go anywhere you want,
Yes! I'm excited,
It's been a while for us to alone together,
You're boring,
You get excited over nothing,
Remember what Father said?
When the husband loves his wife so much,
the wife asks for less,
Now that we're done with Jung Su Mi, I'm perfectly happy,
Gosh,
You're an idiot, How can you love me so much?
I love Han Gyul too,
(Han Gyul)
Lee Han Gyul,
Su Mi,
Isn't your diabetes level high?
What are you going to do?
Don't worry,
I'm still healthy, I still have a long time before I die,
Why would you die? You haven't lived like a human yet,
You should live your life to the fullest before you die,
You should quit the kids' cafe and look for another job,
No, I even get insurance, It's good money,
I heard life depends on time,
Han Gyul looked so poor when she was with me,
but she looks rich now,
That's all my work, Why should I quit?
Honestly, I don't have many days left with her,
I should at least take a picture of her, so you can look at it,
I've warned you,
If you ever talk about Han Gyul again, I'll make you pay,
I don't care about Han Gyul at all,
so don't even think about getting near her, okay?
Professor, I loved your lecture today,
Can I email you if I have any questions?
Sure, Anytime,
Patient Kim Yeon Sook in Room 151,
Please come back to the room,
Professor,
Everyone's waiting to have a cup of tea with you,
I'm sorry, Let's have tea next time,
Jung Su Mi,
What's going on? What are you doing here?
What do you mean?
Are you saying I should never appear in front of you even by chance?
Did you get a restraining order against me?
By chance?
Is it really by chance?
Lee So Won,
I'm sorry if it really is by chance,
But when I think about what you did,
I have no other choice to protect my family,
Right, I admit it's all my fault,
But as I promised,
I will never show my face around you people,
I saw you talking to Ms, Kim,
What brings you here?
Are you sick?
Why would I be?
I'm emigrating, I'm here to get some documents,
Emigrating?
I'm an ex-convict,
I can't get a job or get married in this country,
Is that so?
I'm glad to hear that,
So tell Ha Yeon Ju to relax,
In three months,
I'll be on the road with no return,
Okay,
Whatever you go,
don't embarrass Han Gyul,
Of course,
I'm only 33,
I'll go on dates and get married,
I'll be happy,
Bye,
Han Gyul,
Can I hold your hand?
Sure, Will you hold my hand?
We have to get married now,
Men and women are done when they hold hands,
You're so tacky,
My mom said,,,
I have to date a man through all four seasons,
Miss,
You were with my dad yesterday, right?
No, You're mistaken,
That's strange, It was her,
Han Gyul, Let's go wash our hands,
Okay,
Don't get in my way, We graduated from marriage,
Be nice and support me,
I want to burn my last spark,
Here, Shin Mo,
I put in a lot of oysters,
Eat up,
I don't have an appetite,
That reminds me, Is everything all right with you?
Goodness,
You look 10 years older, Your eyes are so sagged,
What's the problem?
My wife,,,
- is about to cheat on me, - Oh, my,
Cheat? My goodness, Oh, dear,
Dirty love?
Yes,
She's going on a business trip,,,
to Ulaanbaatar with that nasty boss,
Goodness, What are you going to do?
Oh, my goodness,
Goodness, What are we going to do?
You're in trouble,
I know, right? She's gone too far, right?
Yes, She has,
I'm so jealous,
Oh, dear,
Ms, Hong has a husband, but she's going to,,,
Ulaanbaatar with her boyfriend,,,
where the moonlight is beautiful,
Even sterile couples can get pregnant there,
Looking at the moonlight,
they'll eat, chew, drink,,,
Mrs, Yang!
Are you trying to rub it in?
That's such a nasty joke,
I love Hong Young Hye sincerely,
I realized it at the 7080 cafe,
My spouse for life is Hong Young Hye,
I was wrong until now,
I didn't realize how great she is,
I must stop her before it's too late,
Then you should try,
It's too late when she goes to Mongol,
Try it even now,
What? How,,, Do what? How?
I love you, I'm so sorry,
I love you, Young Hye,,,
forever, I told you already!
I want to do that so badly too,
But it seems Hong Young Hye,,,
wants to be forever with that nasty boss,
If things go well on her business trip,
she said she'll move to Mongol for good,
I want to stop her,
but I didn't,,,
because she might say that I haven't changed at all,
This is driving me crazy, I'm going crazy,
Gosh, Seriously,
Mrs, Hong probably,,,
used to live with someone like you,
Of course, she would fall in love,,,
with someone who is kind and polite like him who always says,,,
Please sit down and "Thank you",
If I knew this and I was 10 years younger,
I would've used money, beauty, and the help of Mrs, Hong,,,
to seduce him,
I would've been so happy,
Mrs, Yang,
What are you talking about?
Do you know how old you are?
If you did that right now, you wouldn't be seducing,,,
him with your beauty, You would be seducing him with your age,
That's why I'm telling you to get that young girl,
Girl? Young girl?
Who is that?
The thread follows the needle,
Are you a student?
Yes, I'm preparing to become a civil servant,
My back hurts so much,
You must be having such a hard time,
It's probably because you're sitting at a desk for so long,
Test it out,
Wait a minute,
Yes, Ru Ri, Why did you call?
Mom, I'm in trouble,
Dad wants to move my stuff to his house and make me commute,
What?
What is he thinking?
- Is that the last box? - Yes,
Let's hurry and go then,
- They might come, - Yes, let's go,
Goodness,
Mrs, Yang, what are you doing at my house?
We're about to go and move this,
Can't you see?
We're packing Ru Ri's stuff,
Do you think I'm asking that because I don't know?
Why are you intruding someone else's house to move,,,
my daughter's stuff without asking her permission?
Listen to her speak,
Just because we separated doesn't mean that I'm separated with Ru Ri,
Ru Ri is clearly listed in my register,
and she's my blood daughter,
Of course, you're right,
Is this because what I told you yesterday?
Is it because of my Ulaanbaatar business trip?
You pretended that you agreed yesterday,
and now you're trying to have your own way,
I'm not going to listen to you and cancel my trip because of this,
Not at all, I'm not the old Hong Young Hye,
Don't flatter yourself,
I'm also not the old Lee Shin Mo,
I'll completely support your career from now on,
Don't worry, and go on your business trip,
And,,, Here,
I changed some Mongolian money,
Take this,
Don't let your boss always treat you,
Treat him grandly when you're there,
Take it, Let's go,
Tell me,
Why are you doing this?
Do I have to tell you myself?
Tell me,
Why are you doing something out of your character?
What is my character like?
The old Lee Shin Mo is dead,
You won't know,,,
how it feels for a father to see his only daughter get married,
Ru Ri,
Now that you're getting married,
all the things that I haven't done for you are going through my mind,
We'll never live together once you become someone else's family,
Until then,
I want to do my best to you,
Ru Ri, look forward to it,
I'm going, Don't come out since it's cold,
- Honey, - No,
Just a moment please,
Didn't you see,,,
the passionate fatherly love?
He gave up,,,
everything about you,
Do whatever you want to do freely with your boyfriend,,,
from now on,
Oh, my, It's so heavy,
What?
Forgot everything?
Why is he acting so cool suddenly?
Are you sure that Young Hye will come back after this?
Listen to me,
It's a skill to cause tension and then relax,
If you make her relax like this,
women will want to cause tension,
Okay? Just watch,
- Let's go, - Okay,
This is so heavy, Carry one of these for me,
Is it heavy?
Do you know Lee Kyung Hwa from Goldman Partners?
I think she's Ae Ri's mother,
How did it go?
Why did you come so late?
Do you know how much she waited for you until the end?
Why did you come now?
Did she already pass away?
Did you ask for me?
Do you know,,,
Lee Kyung Hwa from Goldman Partners?
Lee Kyung Hwa?
I'm not sure,
I've never seen her because I'm not in charge of that part,
- Really? - Yes,
Why are you asking that suddenly?
Never mind, How is the preparation of the board of director's meeting?
All of them will attend today,
Look at this,
This is the list of the employees of the opening tomorrow,
But Go Jung Do is listed as the general manager,
Did you know that?
I left everything about that to Tae Yang,
Whoever Tae Yang chooses to employ is up to him,
so don't worry about it,
Okay,
It's me,
I think Jung Tae Yang found out,
Be careful,
(Goldman Partners)
Don't worry, I expected that much,
This can't be ruined when we're almost there,
Kevin has quite a smart son seeing that he came here,
He's the perfect match for Ae Ri,
Let's go,
Are you here to meet the manager?
Is her name Lee Kyung Hwa?
Yes, but she quit a while ago,
What?
Where can we meet her?
Are you from SC Food and Beverage?
You'll meet her soon,
She just told me to tell you that,
That's it,
What does that mean?
(Company information of SC Food and Beverage)
(Financial Statements)
(Corporate Analysis Report of SC Food and Beverage)
(Joo Ae Ri)
I'm going to watch and see,
I'll be watching how nicely you do your job this time,
You and Jung Tae Yang's lives,,,
will depend on the result of the New City branch,
Make sure you make no mistakes this time,
The meat still looks fresh and has a perfect color,
You know our pork tastes the best in the country,
That's why I've been doing business with you for 10 years,
It's for the opening event, so please give us the best meat,
Don't worry,
All right,
Thank you for showing me your products,
We plan to cook the meat early in the morning,
so please deliver it by 7am tomorrow,
Okay, It's matured for two days, so it'll be perfect for cooking,
- Thank you, - Pleasure is mine,
Bye,
How did it go? Did you find anything about Susanna?
She resigned from her manager position not long ago,
She left a message that we'd see her soon,
We'd see her soon?
What does that mean?
Sir, the directors' meeting will begin soon,
Let's talk after the meeting,
Wait a second,
There you go,
You look cool,
Congratulations on your official promotion,
It's burdensome to be honest,
I'm not sure if I can do a proper job,
Don't worry, You just have to do as you have done,
Your time will start from today on for real,
Show them what you've got in SC,
I'll provide a successful result for the New City branch,
I'll prove that I'm your competent son,
I'll be looking forward to that,
The chairman is here,
Let me introduce you to my son, Director Jung Tae Yang,
Hello, I'm Jung Tae Yang,
- It's nice to meet you, - It's nice to meet you,
Where's the chief director of Goldman Partners?
I got a call that the newly appointed chief director is coming,
Who's newly appointed?
She's there,
Hello,
I'm Lee Kyung Hwa, the new chief director of Goldman Partners,
(Man Who Sets the Table)
It's the document from the States,
These two people look exactly the same,
That's my Eun Jo,
Are you done with the preparation?
We need to reveal it quickly,
You must not make any mistake,
It says the chief technician is Jung Soo Ae,
Is something wrong with Han Gyul?
We've received a report that you're lying about its place of origin,
Illegal distribution? What are you talking about?
It's my first time seeing you,
but you look familiar,
Same here, I feel like I've met you before,
I'm trying to remember where we've met,
(Man Who Sets the Table)